docs/1.1/getting-started/basic-syntax-of-html-and-a-quick-intro/index.md, before:

# Getting started

To use this, you'll need to have a good learning of HTML.

Even in a markdown file, where you can use markdown format, some tricks like <samp>sample text</samp> and <kbd>keyboard input</kbd> require the usage of HTML in markdown.

## Basic and quick HTML guide

HTML is called Hypertext Markup Languge. It consists of elements which can define the rendered output.

For example:

```html
<p>Hello world!</p>
<p>Make a keyboard shortcut that when you press <kbd>Ctrl + Option + H</kbd>, it puts "Hello World!" in a textbox.</p>
```

produces:

Hello world!

Make a keyboard shortcut that when you press <kbd>Ctrl + Option + H</kbd>, it puts "Hello World!" in a textbox.

## HTML quick ref

|Element|Description|Attributes|
|---|---|---|
|*global*| |style, title, lang, id, class, data-\*, etc.|
|a|Used to define a link|href|
|b|Defines bold text| |
|blockquote|Defines a quote, followed by 4 spaces|cite|
|em|Defines empasized text| |
|i|Defines itailc text| |
|link|Defines a link to a external resource, often to a stylesheet|rel, href|
|p|Defines a paragraph| |
|script|Defines a executable resource, by default JavaScript|type, src|

##  Quick intro

Download from <https://brunozhon.github.io/bruno-strap/dist/bruno-strap.css> or put a link like:

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://brunozhon.github.io/bruno-strap/dist/bruno-strap.css" />
```

Commit message:

Will move the file so it can go up!

docs/1.1/getting-started/basic-syntax-of-html-and-a-quick-intro/index.md, after:

# Getting started

To use this, you'll need to have a good learning of HTML.

Even in a markdown file, where you can use markdown format, some tricks like <samp>sample text</samp> and <kbd>keyboard input</kbd> require the usage of HTML in markdown.

## Basic and quick HTML guide

HTML is called Hypertext Markup Languge. It consists of elements which can define the rendered output.

For example:

```html
<p>Hello world!</p>
<p>Make a keyboard shortcut that when you press <kbd>Ctrl + Option + H</kbd>, it puts "Hello World!" in a textbox.</p>
```

produces:

Hello world!

Make a keyboard shortcut that when you press <kbd>Ctrl + Option + H</kbd>, it puts "Hello World!" in a textbox.

## HTML quick ref

|Element|Description|Attributes|
|---|---|---|
|*global*| |style, title, lang, id, class, data-\*, etc.|
|a|Used to define a link|href|
|b|Defines bold text| |
|blockquote|Defines a quote, followed by 4 spaces|cite|
|em|Defines empasized text| |
|i|Defines itailc text| |
|link|Defines a link to a external resource, often to a stylesheet|rel, href|
|p|Defines a paragraph| |
|script|Defines a executable resource, by default JavaScript|type, src|

##  Quick intro

Download from *\[This link was removed due to moving of the file\]* or put a link like:

```html
[This line of code was removed due to moving of the file]
```
